[documentation] #2579: mention Iroha 2 in Iroha docs (#3034)
hyperledger/iroha: docs/source/faq/index.rst

The efficiency of your Iroha network will depend on the configuration, hardware and number of nodes.
You are welcome to try out the load test in `test/load` directory and report the results.

What is the difference between Iroha and Iroha 2?
-------------------------------------------------

> Iroha 2 is a rewrite of Iroha in Rust. `Iroha 2 documentation <https://hyperledger.github.io/iroha-2-docs/guide/iroha-2.html>`_ offers a summery of differences between the two projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iroha 2 is a rewrite of Iroha in Rust with a few major changes to the consensus mechanism. `Iroha 2 documentation <https://hyperledger.github.io/iroha-2-docs/guide/iroha-2.html>`_ offers a summary of differences between the two projects.
```
